README.md, before:

# Modern-Time-Series-Forecasting-with-Python-
Modern Time Series Forecasting with Python, published by Packt

# Setup the environment
The easiest way to setup the environment is by using Anaconda, a distribution of Python for scientific computing. You can use Miniconda, a minimal installer for conda as well if you do not want the pre-installed packages that come with Anaconda. 

1.	Install Anaconda/Miniconda: Anaconda can be installed from https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution. Depending on your operating system choose the corresponding file and follow instructions. Or you can install Miniconda from here: https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html#latest-miniconda-installer-links.
2.	Open conda prompt: To open Anaconda Prompt (or terminal on Linux or macOS):
    1.	Windows: Open the Anaconda Prompt (Start >> Anaconda Prompt)
    2.	macOS: Open Launchpad and then open Terminal. Type `conda activate`
    3.	Linux: Open Terminal. Type `conda activate`
3.	Navigate to the downloaded code: Use operating system specific commands to navigate to the folder where you have downloaded the code. For instance, in Windows, use `cd`.
4.	Install the environment: Using the anaconda_env.yml file that is included install the environment. 
`conda env create -f anaconda_env.yml`
	This creates a new environment under the name, `modern_ts`, and will install all the required libraries in the environment. This can take a while.
5.	Checking the installation: We can check if all the libraries required for the book is installed properly by executing a script in the downloaded code folder
python test_installation.py
6.	Activating the environment and Running Notebooks: Every time you want to run the notebooks, first activate the environment using the command `conda activate modern_ts` and then use Jupyter Notebook (`jupyter notebook`) or Jupyter Lab (`jupyter lab`) according to your preference.
# Download the Data
You are going to be using a single dataset throughout the book. The book uses London Smart Meters Dataset from Kaggle for this purpose. Therefore, if you don’t have an account with Kaggle, please go ahead and make one. https://www.kaggle.com/account/login?phase=startRegisterTab
There are two ways you can download the data- automated and manual. 
For the automated way, we need to download a key from Kaggle. Let’s do that first (if you are going to choose the manual way, you can skip this).
1.	Click on your profile picture on the top right corner of Kaggle
2.	Select "Account”, and find the section for “API”
3.	Click the “Create New API Token” button. A file by the name kaggle.json will be downloaded.
4.	Copy the file and place it in the api_keys folder in the downloaded code folder.
Now that we have the kaggle.json downloaded and placed in the right folder, let’s look at the three methods to download data:
## Method 1: Automated Download
1.	Activate the environment using conda activate modern_ts
2.	Run the provided script from the root directory of downloaded code
python scripts/download_data.py
That’s it. Now just wait for the script to finish downloading, unzipping and organize the files in the expected format.
## Method 2: Manual Download
1.	Go to https://www.kaggle.com/jeanmidev/smart-meters-in-london and download the dataset
2.	Unzip the contents to data/london_smart_meters
3.	Unzip hhblock_dataset to get the raw files we want to work with.
4.	Make sure the unzipped files are in the expected folder structure (next section)
Now that you have downloaded the data, we need to make sure it is arranged in the below folder structure. Automated Download does it automatically, but for Manual Download this structure needs to be created. To avoid ambiguity, the expected folder structure can be found below:
```
data
├── london_smart_meters
│   ├── hhblock_dataset
│   │   ├── hhblock_dataset
│   │       ├── block_0.csv
│   │       ├── block_1.csv
│   │       ├── ...
│   │       ├── block_109.csv
│── acorn_details.csv
├── informations_households.csv
├── uk_bank_holidays.csv
├── weather_daily_darksky.csv
├── weather_hourly_darksky.csv
```
There can be additional files as part of the extraction process. You can remove them without impacting anything. There is a helpful script which checks this structure.
python test_data_download.py

# Blocks vs RAM

Number of blocks to select from the dataset is dependent on how much RAM you have in your machine. Although, these are not rules, but rough guidelines on how much blocks to choose based on your RAM is given below. If you still face problems, please experiment with lowering the number of blocks to make it work better for you.

* 1 or <1 Block for 4GB RAM
* 1 or 2 Blocks for 8GB RAM
* 3 Blocks for 16GB RAM
* 5 Blocks for 32GB RAM

Commit message:

added mamba workaround to readme

README.md, after:

# Modern-Time-Series-Forecasting-with-Python-
Modern Time Series Forecasting with Python, published by Packt

# Setup the environment
The easiest way to setup the environment is by using Anaconda, a distribution of Python for scientific computing. You can use Miniconda, a minimal installer for conda as well if you do not want the pre-installed packages that come with Anaconda. 

1.	Install Anaconda/Miniconda: Anaconda can be installed from https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution. Depending on your operating system choose the corresponding file and follow instructions. Or you can install Miniconda from here: https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html#latest-miniconda-installer-links.
2.	Open conda prompt: To open Anaconda Prompt (or terminal on Linux or macOS):
    1.	Windows: Open the Anaconda Prompt (Start >> Anaconda Prompt)
    2.	macOS: Open Launchpad and then open Terminal. Type `conda activate`
    3.	Linux: Open Terminal. Type `conda activate`
3.	Navigate to the downloaded code: Use operating system specific commands to navigate to the folder where you have downloaded the code. For instance, in Windows, use `cd`.
4.	Install the environment: Using the anaconda_env.yml file that is included install the environment. 
`conda env create -f anaconda_env.yml`
	This creates a new environment under the name, `modern_ts`, and will install all the required libraries in the environment. This can take a while.
5.	Checking the installation: We can check if all the libraries required for the book is installed properly by executing a script in the downloaded code folder
python test_installation.py
6.	Activating the environment and Running Notebooks: Every time you want to run the notebooks, first activate the environment using the command `conda activate modern_ts` and then use Jupyter Notebook (`jupyter notebook`) or Jupyter Lab (`jupyter lab`) according to your preference.

## If anaconda installation stalls
Sometimes the anaconda installation can stall at `Solving Environment`. This is because anaconda can sometimes be really slow at resolving package dependencies. We can get around this by using `Mamba`.

`Mamba` is a fast, robust, and cross-platform package manager.

It runs on Windows, OS X and Linux (ARM64 and PPC64LE included) and is fully compatible with conda packages and supports most of conda’s commands.

All we need to do is:
1. Install mamba - `conda install mamba -n base -c conda-forge`
2. Instead of using conda, use mamba to install the environment - `mamba env create -f anaconda_env.yml`

# Download the Data
You are going to be using a single dataset throughout the book. The book uses London Smart Meters Dataset from Kaggle for this purpose. Therefore, if you don’t have an account with Kaggle, please go ahead and make one. https://www.kaggle.com/account/login?phase=startRegisterTab
There are two ways you can download the data- automated and manual. 
For the automated way, we need to download a key from Kaggle. Let’s do that first (if you are going to choose the manual way, you can skip this).
1.	Click on your profile picture on the top right corner of Kaggle
2.	Select "Account”, and find the section for “API”
3.	Click the “Create New API Token” button. A file by the name kaggle.json will be downloaded.
4.	Copy the file and place it in the api_keys folder in the downloaded code folder.
Now that we have the kaggle.json downloaded and placed in the right folder, let’s look at the three methods to download data:
## Method 1: Automated Download
1.	Activate the environment using conda activate modern_ts
2.	Run the provided script from the root directory of downloaded code
python scripts/download_data.py
That’s it. Now just wait for the script to finish downloading, unzipping and organize the files in the expected format.
## Method 2: Manual Download
1.	Go to https://www.kaggle.com/jeanmidev/smart-meters-in-london and download the dataset
2.	Unzip the contents to data/london_smart_meters
3.	Unzip hhblock_dataset to get the raw files we want to work with.
4.	Make sure the unzipped files are in the expected folder structure (next section)
Now that you have downloaded the data, we need to make sure it is arranged in the below folder structure. Automated Download does it automatically, but for Manual Download this structure needs to be created. To avoid ambiguity, the expected folder structure can be found below:
```
data
├── london_smart_meters
│   ├── hhblock_dataset
│   │   ├── hhblock_dataset
│   │       ├── block_0.csv
│   │       ├── block_1.csv
│   │       ├── ...
│   │       ├── block_109.csv
│── acorn_details.csv
├── informations_households.csv
├── uk_bank_holidays.csv
├── weather_daily_darksky.csv
├── weather_hourly_darksky.csv
```
There can be additional files as part of the extraction process. You can remove them without impacting anything. There is a helpful script which checks this structure.
python test_data_download.py

# Blocks vs RAM

Number of blocks to select from the dataset is dependent on how much RAM you have in your machine. Although, these are not rules, but rough guidelines on how much blocks to choose based on your RAM is given below. If you still face problems, please experiment with lowering the number of blocks to make it work better for you.

* 1 or <1 Block for 4GB RAM
* 1 or 2 Blocks for 8GB RAM
* 3 Blocks for 16GB RAM
* 5 Blocks for 32GB RAM
